README.md, before:

## ![wizardry](https://raw.github.com/diy/wizardry/master/wizardry.png)

Wizardry is a task-based library for GraphicsMagick / ImageMagick that focuses on simplicity and getting one thing done right: processing images.

[![Travis Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/diy/wizardry.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/diy/wizardry)


### Installation

Before installing the module, you will need either [GraphicsMagick](http://www.graphicsmagick.org/download.html) or [ImageMagick](http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php) installed. If you use homebrew, it can be even simpler, with either just `brew install graphicsmagick` or `brew install imagemagick`. After one of them is installed, run:

```bash
npm install wizardry
```

### Basic Usage
```javascript
var wizardry = require('wizardry');
var task = require('./path/to/your/task.json')

// Easy as one line.
wizardry(['path/to/image.png'], task, callback);
```

Wizardry requires an array of image(s) to process. It expects that they are valid file paths.

### Command line usage
```bash
wizardry -i path/to/image.png -t path/to/your/task.json
```

### Task file

A task file in wizardry is a .json file that defines each of the commands to be run on an image. They are run in the order listed. It also provides configuration, such as the amount of processes to run, the output directory, and which library to use.

#### Example task file
```json
{
    "commands": {
        "modulate": "115, 0, 100",
        "colorize": "7, 21, 50"
    },
    "processes": 10,
    "library": "imagemagick",
    "outputDirectory": "/foo/bar/folder"
}
```

### Testing
```bash
npm test
```

Commit message:

Change task files to any js object, not just .json files

README.md, after:

## ![wizardry](https://raw.github.com/diy/wizardry/master/wizardry.png)

Wizardry is a task-based library for GraphicsMagick / ImageMagick that focuses on simplicity and getting one thing done right: processing images.

[![Travis Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/diy/wizardry.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/diy/wizardry)


### Installation

Before installing the module, you will need either [GraphicsMagick](http://www.graphicsmagick.org/download.html) or [ImageMagick](http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php) installed. If you use homebrew, it can be even simpler, with either just `brew install graphicsmagick` or `brew install imagemagick`. After one of them is installed, run:

```bash
npm install wizardry
```

### Basic Usage
```javascript
var wizardry = require('wizardry');
var task = require('./path/to/your/task.json')

// Easy as one line.
wizardry(['path/to/image.png'], task, callback);
```

Wizardry requires an array of image(s) to process. It expects that they are valid file paths.

### Command line usage
```bash
wizardry -i path/to/image.png -t path/to/your/task.json
```

### Task file

A task file in wizardry is a JavaScript object (a .json file works great) that defines each of the commands to be run on an image. They are run in the order listed. It also provides configuration, such as the amount of processes to run, the output directory, and which library to use.

#### Example task file
```json
{
    "commands": {
        "modulate": "115, 0, 100",
        "colorize": "7, 21, 50"
    },
    "processes": 10,
    "library": "imagemagick",
    "outputDirectory": "/foo/bar/folder"
}
```

### Testing
```bash
npm test
```
